it's 2025 and many of the SEO strategies
that work years or months ago are no
longer effective so many B2B tech
service in SAS companies invest tons
into ads outbound sales events and more
but completely neglect organic search
SEO to drive qualified leads Pipeline
and revenue I know this after working
with tons of B2B companies to three and
5x their qualified traffic leads and
revenue through SEO yet still so many
B2B companies are following outdated
tactics playbooks and IES meaning dream
clients simply can't find them on Google
and their competitors are scooping up
all those leads and cash in the bank in
this video I'm going to dive into the
exact strategies you need to follow to
make SEO a success in 2025 let's dive in
let's begin with what doesn't work what
doesn't work is churning out tons of AI
content finding keywords with good
traffic building out some topics then
looking to do as many articles or Pages
as possible using a tool like chat GPT
and churning out a ton of landing pages
or articles why doesn't it work well
some of these Pages might even rank but
if a potential client a Potential
Prospect lands on one of these Pages
sees a wall of text with a bunch of
jargon like we're going to turbocharge
your revenues with our all-in-one crazy
solution to mass out your productivity
you'll land on it a potential client
will land on this page and think what
the heck it looks like a robot's R this
there'll be no real value the page won't
understand your prospect's world their
goals their jobs to be done their pain
points their motivations or more as a
result the page will probably do more
harm than good and if you're churning
out hundreds or thousands of these Pages
publishing them at scale Google might
even downrank some of these Pages or
Worse your site because it sees your
site as unhelpful they released a
framework a while back called eat
experience expertise Authority and Trust
if you're churning out tons of content
that doesn't leverage customer research
the chances are they're not going to
actually resonate with dream clients
they're certainly not going to build
trust with them and they're definitely
not going to convert especially if
you're selling a higher ticket service
of tech or software now ai can be super
useful for pulling notes together
formatting pages so if you want to build
out a structure of a page that you
looking to rank on Google I.E building
out the H1 the rest of the subheadings
and building out a general format to
follow it can be really useful but if
you're totally leaning on AI to produce
all of your content where we're at right
now I wouldn't say it's the safest bet
I'd use it to build out Frameworks then
I'd lean towards well researched human
written content by subject matter
experts or at least pulling subject
matter expertise from the folks on your
team leveraging sales calls to actually
make them something a dream client would
truly enjoy reading and learning from
another mistake to go for is avoiding
traffic at all costs going for top of
funnel informational based searches that
are super broad now these could be
things like what is a kbii what is a CRM
how to build a website so it's very
simple keyword searches like what is or
how to with very little depth and
yourself as a founder or a marketer you
might be tasked with SEO you might jump
into SE research tool like hats or
semrush look up some of these simple
howto or what is terms and see that they
get tons of traffic each month on Google
the issue is a lot of this top funnel
informational based search is going to
be wiped out by Ai and AI overviews so
for example Google introduced AI
overviews a while back so for some of
these simple topfunnel terms you might
search what is a kpi or what is a CRM
and above the fold Google will give an
instant result in the search engine so
instead of doing the traditional search
and click the Blue Links click to pages
and get the info you need Google give an
instant result giving you an instant
answer to your query so it's not really
going to get you a decent amount of
traffic and the other side to it is that
these are very topfunnel informational
based queries even if you did rank a
page someone's probably going to flick
onto the page get the info they need and
jump off at best they might check out
your newsletter or grab a quick lead
magnet and then bounce off your page but
at worst you rank for a query that
doesn't drive leads and doesn't drive
Revenue despite what many say back links
are still important for a sound SEO
strategy now you can rank websites with
content alone but that's usually for
Less competitive keywords when it comes
to those commercial juicy High intent
sales Focus keywords there's often going
to be competitors that have higher
domain Authority higher domain rating
than you so it's going to be way easier
for them to rank for any Pages they want
to publish and rank on Google it's going
to be an uphill battle for yourself if
you've got a lower domain rating or
authority so what you want to consider
is going after Niche relevant
trustworthy sites to earn back links
from so my favorite ways to do this are
to find potential Partnerships so this
could be companies that go after the
same ideal client profile the same ICP
as you but are not direct competitors so
for us as a B2B SAS SEO agency we might
find LinkedIn ads agencies we might find
certain SAS tools CRM providers and
similar that're going after the same ICP
as us but are not direct competitors who
might offer to create content together
so I might connect with their marketing
leaders or their Founders on LinkedIn
drop them a quick note and say look I've
got a bit of an unusual idea to create
content content together and grow our
Revenue together and then maybe I'll
write a guest blog article on their site
that's super useful for Their audience
and helpful and in return I'll ask for a
back link to one of our Focus keywords
and Pages another tactic I love is guest
podcasting I love using a site called
listennotes tocom there's a bunch of
others too you can literally type in
your focus Niche so for us it might be
SAS marketing or B2B marketing but yours
might be fintech Sports Finance HR
whatever your Niche is and then you can
review the top rated podcasts in your
industry you can see who hosts the
podcast and then you you can reach out
to them through channels like LinkedIn
Instagram wherever they hang out for
your ICP and you can drop them a note
and give them something simple and just
say something like hey Steve hey Janice
really enjoyed your recent show on XYZ
had a bit of a different idea for your
podcast you against having a chat and
then I usually send them a customized
lean video run through the value that I
can add to their show why I think it's
going to be different how it's going to
help them how we'll promote it how help
Their audience and after you've done the
show when they publish the episode you
can ask for a back link back to one of
your focus keywords and focus Pages
those are two of my favorite strategies
that won't cost you anything apart from
a little Sweat Equity and you can make
sure that they go to Niche relevant
sites that are going to bump up your
domain Authority and domain rating oh
and for a quick bonus that's even easier
for building back links jump into a tool
like semrush or HS copy and paste your
Founders or one of your marketing
leaders LinkedIn profile Pages URLs into
the tool and then you can see all the
sites that are linking back to their
profile page on LinkedIn and you can
reach out to the authors of each of the
niche relevant sit that have got a
decent domain rating Authority and you
can ask them to actually put a back Link
in for one of your target pages and
keywords and that can again boost up
your domain rating give you a solid back
link and they've already mentioned your
founder or one of your exec team on the
page so they should be more than happy
to get that backlink amended so what is
the new way to drive leads customers and
revenue as soon as possible from an SEO
strategy well instead of focusing on
traffic at all costs instead of focusing
on vanity metrics you want to focus on
bottom of funnel commercial traffic
often these keywords drive a lot less
traffic than top of funnel information
based queries but they're way more
likely to drive leads customers and
revenue for your business so as a
tangible example if you provided
calendar scheduling software so you've
probably heard of tools like calendly or
HubSpot meetings you'd probably go after
Search terms like calendar scheduling
software calendar scheduling tools
calendar scheduling platform or best
calendar scheduling tools or best
calendar scheduling platform you'd also
look for more long-term s variant of the
keywords for the niches you serve best
like best calendar tool for HR teams or
best calendar scheduling software for
sales teams you also might consider
keywords like Alternatives or
competitive terms so if someone's
looking for an alternative to their
current solution or looking to evaluate
options so things like chili Piper
Alternatives or HubSpot meeting
Alternatives or calendly Alternatives or
maybe if people are weighing up two
options like HubSpot meetings versus
Chili Piper or calendly versus Revenue
hero these kind of keywords that
someone's not typing in Google for fun
they're typing it because they have a
high level of intent to take a trial
book a sales call book a demo or sign up
to your service software or solution you
need to research and work out what would
a dream client search for when they're
ready to speak to a sales rep or book a
call around our offer now and you want
to shift your focus to going from
informational to focusing on Commercial
keywords that are much more likely to
drive probably a lot less traffic but
way better for your qualified lead flow
now I'm going to share my blowout the
water strategy so once you've decided
your Focus key words that you want to
rank for that are most likely to drive
leads customers and revenue so you can
build out pages and content that's going
to rank organic position one on Google
very straightforward process quite
simply once you've got one of your
target keywords search for it on Google
look at the top three organic results to
non-sponsored non-paid listings check
out what type of pages they are what's
the intent of the page is it a landing
page that typically ranks well in the
top three is it a listicle comparison or
something else so make a note of that
what pages Google favoring then then
once you assess that page you want to
look for gaps in that page how can you
one up this page in every possible way
so if it was a landing page on a topic
maybe the current number one organic
landing page has things like this is the
offer you might be facing this problem
here's the solution why I think straight
away I can maybe leverage my sales calls
I can go into AI sales calls Tech and
think these are some of the three four
top crispy problems that folks face when
they're evaluating the solution maybe
I'll go into the impact of not fixing
that problem and speak to the prospects
world and their pain points and the
issues they may be facing maybe I'll
weave in YouTube video embed that really
talks about the issue how to fix it if
they want to get the job done themselves
or how we're positioned to get the job
done if they want to use a team like USS
maybe I'll leverage and weave in some
social proof so some customer
testimonials customer quotes customer
review videos and why they chose us
maybe I'll add a nice FAQ section that
lists out all the common queries we get
on prospecting and sales calls around
the topic so I'm looking to complete
completely blow out the water to make my
page more helpful useful educational
trustworthy convincing and have clear
call to actions for the prospect to take
a relevant Next Step whether that is
taking a trial booking a call booking a
demo whatever is relevant to the stage
they are in the funnel and the other
thing is nailing the technical SEO so
making sure your focus keyword is within
URL it's within the meta title within
the meta description and you have one H1
one heading one tag within that Focus
keyw weaved within it and on the flip
side if it wasn't a landing page that
ranking maybe it was an article or
product comp comparison or an
Alternatives page to something like the
top eight calendar alternatives for 2025
we'd use the same blowout the water
strategy we'd make our page more useful
helpful and trustworthy so if there was
top eight I'd probably Max it out and
double it and go for something like 15
or maybe even 20 Alternatives again we
do the basic technical seos we make sure
our Focus keyword of cly Alternatives
wasin the URL within the meta title
metad description and within our single
H1 and then we've naturally within the
content and then I'd leverage everything
to my ability to make sure this page
earns trust and resonates with my dream
clients goals pain points and jobs to be
done so pull everything I can from my
sales team what are the common
competitors that always come up make
sure that in there but we'll position
our offer as number one we won't just
brag about how great we are we'll share
our differentiators we might weave in a
product comparison table we'll have
gifts screenshots of our products aha
moment that really sweet spot that
everyone cares about seeing we might
have customer video reviews and then a
clear cool to action to book a demo book
a cool will sign up and then underneath
we'll have a fair comparison of all our
competitors and where they stack up so
our Pages more depth it shares our
points of differentation why folks
should consider choosing us and it gives
a fair summary of all the other
competitors with lots of examples of our
product screenshots and even social
proof weaved in there so give the
blowout the water strategy a try for
yourself understand what type of page
ranks look for gaps and make your page
more helpful useful and trustworthy and
we can't skip over AI search search
gpt's recently been launched and there's
a ton of hype around it it's open ai ai
powered search engine that provides
instant answers with real time data
contrary to Google it doesn't have any
ads yet so you don't have to click
through the Blue Links and get
information from Pages you get the
information right away with some links
and citations to the source is it going
to kill Google I think it's way too
early to tell as an example search gbt
gets around 10 million queries a day and
Google gets 8.5 billion searches daily
this is according to the verge now you
might be thinking sounds pretty decent I
ramp up my traffic elsewhere as well as
Google how can I rank so from what we've
seen so far having clearly structured
Pages having engaging content leveraging
rich media like video having fresh
recent and relevant content having well
researched content as well being able to
write in a conversational tone going
after crisp and specific longtail
queries like we've been talking about
following basic technical SEO best
practices like having fast page speed
working well on mobile desktop and PC
structuring your page as well with H1
different heading tags for each section
of the page and making sure it's got a
solid user experience
not going after tons and tons and tons
of back Links at will cost but going
after Niche relevant quality back links
that are relevant to your industry and
use case and also getting brand mentions
Elsewhere on different websites across
the web seems to help from what we've
seen in some of the research that we've
done so far when it comes to ranking on
AI tools and search engines and there
you have it those are some of my top
tips for nailing SEO in 20125 but you've
probably gathered the SEO is constantly
changing evolving and moving forward
especially with the introduction of AI
search so if you're a B2B tech service
or SAS company that is tired of seeing
competitors above you in organic search
results meaning they're stealing traffic
leads and revenue let's fix that for you
book a call over at breaking bb.com we
can discuss where you're at any issues
and where you'd like to get to and see
if we're a good fit to make SEO a
sustainable driver of qualified organic
leads Pipeline and revenue that's
breaking bb.com to book your call or
check out the link in the description
below or if you're not ready why not
check out the breaking B2B podcast or
newsletter for free SEO tips unusual
ideas and case studies and with that I
should catch you on the next one cheers